Tonight is the engagement party of Xueqin and Private Bong
Celebrities from all walks of life in Jiangzhou and the imperial capital will be present
You clean me carefully
There must be no difference.
Lin Niannian, you put on your clothes and I will change my dress.
Yes
Lin Niannian, did you and Brother Sifeng know each other before?
Why would he let me help you?
Just use the Luo family as a servant
When my mother was hospitalized before
Chu Shao is the attending physician
He is pitiful
Will arrange a job for me
Brother Sifeng is indeed kind-hearted
But I hope you're not mistaken.
Sisifeng is the flute of the Chu family in the imperial capital
He has a noble blood flowing through his body
Not to be defiled
Do you understand that the eldest lady is willing to take me in?
It's too late for me to repay the eldest lady
Why would I go to the shophouse sentry?
I like smart people.
I borrowed your blueprints before.
Won't make it up to you
As long as you do things quietly and dutifully
I promise to keep you safe in Lorgar
Wind and water rise
But my mother died because of you
What compensation can you get?